Fuck you trash
Isn't the Songdo you're looking for amazing?
What the hell is the use of losing so quickly?
Oh you oh my heart is stuffed with mine
Thank you. You all know that. You're amazing
I'm also studying English, general
What's the use of you explaining it to me?
Why don't you explain it to the instructor?
I'm telling you, if you can't win this game today
You and I have to move our heads
Oops, what's the hurry?
Those in their camp are vulnerable
We traitors are not trash
Stop selling melon seeds and bring people up quickly
Are you fucking kidding me?
Just such a little kid with such a big nose
Please take a closer look.
Then you
This is the legendary Son of Slaughter
Oops, that's right.
This is the son of Dan in our Han country
Every year we Satan organize
10 talents will be selected
Secret training
These are children who grew up killing.
The people who later confronted them were often destroyed
Therefore called the Son of Satan
Isn't this more obedient than adults?
Hey, don't worry.
These children are born.
And we whipped it up.
childish
Fucking obedient like a dog hahahaha
OK
Hello, Mr. Han
You really didn't let me down, hahahaha.
Brother, the game has started
OK
I see how Mu Wushuang wins this time
Sorry it's alright
Few can escape Songdo Corpse Soul Fragrance
I'm not happy, you are great
As long as the heart is firm, it is right
Already lost
The people they will send out next will be even more powerful
Wushuang, you have to be ready